♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a
series of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
where Luffy forms an
alliance with Trafalgar Law.
He then faces off against
the master of the island,
Caesar Clown--
a twisted scientist
who experiments on humans.
Combining their own skills
with Law's strategic prowess,
the group breaks free
and heads for
the only escape
point on the island.
Unfortunately,
Caesar's deadly poison gas
is seeping into the laboratory.
You have got to be kidding me!
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE O]
Quick! Run!
[gasps] What are you doing?
Stop this! Put me down!
Not happening! Nope!
We've got you now!
[MARINE Q, P] Yeah, we're not
gonna let our captain die!
[gasps]
[MARINES]
Goodbye!
[TASHIGI screams]
No! I have to save them.
Smoker told me.
[MARINE R]
No, Captain! It's too late.
[PIKE]
There's isn't any time!
Are you all out of your minds?
Our men are in trouble, and we
need to get them to safety.
Now, I'm ordering you
to get out of my way!
[PIKE] Sorry, Captain!
That's an order I can't follow.
[TASHIGI gasps]
Excellent, marines!
Our captain is safe.
You've done the Navy proud.
Thank you!
We'll take it from here.
[LUFFY]
"The Treacherous Vice Admiral!
Demon Bamboo Vergo!"
I can't believe he
compromised his own lab.
He must really want us all dead.
I get the funny feeling
this Caesar fellow
might not be entirely
right in the head.
[USOPP]
We may have escaped,
but that still doesn't
mean we're safe yet.
You're right, we've gotta
find those children ASAP,
and then we need to get
our butts over to gate 66.
The sooner we can escape this
annoying island, the better.
I've had enough.
[BROWNBEARD grunting]
Hey! Can't you run any faster?
Are you kidding me? When did
you all get on my back?
Jeez! It's getting too heavy!
You gotta forgive
us, Brownbeard.
Just power through it.
I'm afraid we've
got no other choice.
We don't? Why not?
Better be a good reason.
Yeah. Trust me, it is.
[ZORO] We've been running all
day and now we don't want to.
[BROWNBEARD]
That's an awful reason!
Get off of my back!
Good sir. Your name
is Brownbeard, correct?
[BROWNBEARD]
Hm?
It pains me to ask this, but my
son is being held captive,
and I need to rescue him
as soon as possible.
Hm? What? Your son?
[KIN'EMON]
Yes. However...
I need your help, because I
am simply too tired to run.
[BROWNBEARD] You're all fools!
Get off me, dammit!
It's actually starting to
feel kind of stuffy in this lab
with this heavy coat on.
Here, you can hang it with mine.
Ah, perfect.
[NAMI] Good thinkin',
I'm taking mine off, too.
Hey! My back's not a lounge!
If you're not hurt, get down and
run for yourselves! I mean it!
I'm feeling a bit hungry.
A samurai is trained to
endure the pangs of hunger.
Brownbeard, do you have
any snacks stored back here?
[BROWNBEARD]
Shut up, idiot!
As soon as we get back to the
post where my men are stationed,
I'm bucking you all off
and going my own way!
[PIKE]
C'mon, Captain!
Snap out of it!
We've gotta move!
We'll mourn our brothers later!
He's right, we gotta warn
people about the deadly crap
this scum sucker's been
makin' on this island!
Yeah, we can't let 'im unleash
that stuff on the world!
We need to go!
We've gotta report
all this to Navy HQ, now!
Please, Captain!
Are you listening?
If none of us make it
off Punk Hazard alive,
then all those guys who
sacrificed themselves
to save you died for squat!
[TASHIGI gasps]
Yes, of course.
Let's move out!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
[DRAGON A roars]
Hey. You guys hear that?
What's makin' that weird noise?
Hey, there's somethin'
in the dark up there.
Huh?
[DRAGON A growls]
[MARINES scream]
[DRAGON A roars]
What the hell?
It's a damn monster!
That thing! I saw it
get inside the lab
with the Straw Hat crew!
--[DRAGON A roars]
--[MARINES scream]
No one ever told me
lizards can fly.
They can't, and we're
not looking at a lizard.
I heard that there were
dragons on this island,
but I didn't believe it.
[MARINES scream]
[DRAGON A roars]
They're more than just legend.
Dr. Vegapunk genetically
engineered them
to protect Punk Hazard
from outsiders.
It's scary! It looked so much
nicer when we saw it earlier.
Here it comes!
[DRAGON A roars]
It can dodge bullets?
It's chewing through
solid steel!
Think of what those
jaws would do to us!
Everyone! Come on!
To Building B!
[DRAGON A roars]
It flies, breathes fire,
and eats steel!
How're we ever gonna
beat this thing?
[TASHIGI]
Huh?
[MARINE M]
What the?
[MARINE L]
It's flyin' off.
[MARINE M]
Where's it goin'?
It looked like somethin'
freaked it out.
Yeah, it got a look
at Captain Tashigi!
Well, sure, she is a badass.
[MARINES cheering]
Captain Tashigi!
We're saved at last!
The big guns have arrived
to provide us some back up!
We got two Vice Admirals
on our side now!
[TASHIGI gasps]
[MARINES cheering]
[TASHIGI]
Vergo!
[MARINE C]
Vice Admiral Smokey and Vergo?
The G-5 is finally
ready to kick some ass!
[MARINE B]
Ain't no one gonna stop us now!
Oh, no.
[MARINE D]
Hell yeah! Caesar's goin' down!
[TASHIGI]
Run. Everyone.
Run now!
Uh, Vice Admiral Vergo?
Did those soldiers
do somethin' wrong?
Even if they did...
I'm all for punishment
and everything,
but your finger pistol
might kill 'em.
[VERGO]
Welcome to G-5.
[VERGO] Your reputation
proceeds you, Commodore Smoker.
Pleasure to meet you.
You should know the
soldiers of G-5, well,
they're a bit crude and simple.
But if you give them a chance,
you'll find they're not as bad
as people make them out to be.
[MARINE E groans]
In fact, they're some of the
most loyal men you'll ever meet.
Where's Vice Admiral Vergo?
Not here.
[TASHIGI]
Where did he go?
Don't get worked up.
See, the Vice Admiral
has to take leave
to visit home every
once in a while.
He's got a sick little
sister to take care of.
[MARINE H] Vice Admiral!
Please, you have to stop!
[CHILDREN crying]
How dare you! Marines are
supposed to help people!
[PIKE] Look, I'm sorry, lady,
but it wasn't our bombs
that made your house collapse.
What did? Huh? Tell me!
I'm sorry, madam.
See, these men, I'm responsible
for their failure.
Yeah? Then prove it!
Take some real responsibility
and fix my damn house!
Careful, now.
Yeah. Better watch
your mouth, lady.
I agree with you.
And I promise you that
your home will be fixed.
Whatever it takes.
Sorry, Vice Admiral Vergo.
[TASHIGI]
Excuse me, sir.
Vice Admiral.
About that child abduction
report from the other day.
Oh, yes.
I ordered some men
to look into it.
Seems as though it was
an accident at sea.
Another false report.
Why would they...
[VERGO] It's difficult
for any parent to accept
the death of their child.
But, calling it an
abduction gives them
some hope they're still alive.
[VERGO]
You'll understand yourself.
Someday, when you
become a mother.
So that's really
all there is to it?
Yes, that's all there is to it.
[TASHIGI]
Everyone, get back!
Run for your lives!
He's not the man
you think he is!
Listen to me!
He's been working against--
--[JERO gasps]
--Captain, no!
[JERO]
Captain!
This guy's an impostor!
The real Vergo would never
attack his own
soldiers like this!
Pike's right! It's a disguise!
Or a Devil Fruit power!
You bastard!
How dare you pretend
to be Vice Admiral Vergo!
[VERGO]
Hmph.
The Vice Admiral us guys know,
he's a man of honor who
always stands up for us!
Even if we're
a bunch of misfits!
And he believes in justice!
There's no way you're him!
Ya damn phony!
Let's kick his ass backwards!
Eat this!
[JERO groans]
Monster! I'm sending
you to hell!
[PIKE screams]
[MARINES groan]
[TASHIGI] My words are
frozen in my throat.
Smoker. Anyone.
Please, you have to stop this.
[SANJI]
I hear a lady...
Who is that?
[SANJI]
...in need of my help!
[VERGO groans]
Wait, is that...?
Hey. Ain't that guy a Straw Hat?
Why's a pirate helpin' us?
I heard the heartbreaking
sound... of a woman's tears.
Why do you think Sanji took off
in a mad dash like that?
I felt the presence of
someone dangerous creeping up--
He must've gone after them.
He'll catch up.
[ROBIN gasps] Wait.
Something's coming this way.
Ah, what now?
That's the dragon we
didn't ride here on!
Is it? He looks
different somehow.
[BROOK]
Different? What do you mean?
[DRAGON A roars]
The look in his eyes.
That's a telltale sign that
the sedatives have worn off.
It was drugged up?
Yeah. Dragons are
pretty savage by nature.
The only way to
control the beasts
is pump 'em full of sedatives.
And the smaller ones like him
are the newer,
more advanced models.
So he's even faster and
tougher than the others.
[BOTH gasp]
Damn! Gotta speed things up!
[DRAGON A roars]
[BROOK]
A little faster, please!
[LUFFY yelling]
Not fair! You're not
beatin' me there!
[SMOKER]
Hey, Straw Hat.
What're you such in
a hurry to get to?
I'm gonna rearrange Caesar's
face! Where're you goin'?
Gonna straighten out
Vergo with my fists.
That's cool with me.
He's not with Caesar, is he?
Probably is.
Try to stay outta my way.
[LUFFY] Wait, you bastard!
Stay away from Caesar!
[thudding]
[MOCHA]
Let me out!
I'm so scared!
Help me, please!
I wanna go!
[SUBORDINATE C] All right,
c'mon. Back away from the door.
[SUBORDINATE A]
Yeah. Don't you wanna
be with all your friends?
If you come with us,
you can have some candy.
[SUBORDINATE B] That's right!
So let's go to the Biscuit Room.
Please, nice lady! Come get me!
I don't wanna be here!
I've gotta find my way
through this maze of a lab
if I'm ever gonna
rescue those poor kids.
[MOCHA]
Open up, let me go!
[CHOPPER]
Huh?
What's one of the kids
doing up here?
[MOCHA]
Let me out!
[SUBORDINATE B]
That's enough, pipe down!
[SUBORDINATE A] Keep it up,
brat, and I'll shoot you!
Time for Heavy Point!
Get away from her!
[SUBORDINATE C gasps]
Who's that?
[SUBORDINATE B]
Don't move!
[SUBORDINATE A]
Just shoot 'im!
[SUBORDINATES groan]
Hey, are you okay?
[screams] Another monster! Help!
She must be going
through withdrawal.
Calm down!
No!
Oh, yeah! I've got sedatives!
This should ease her pain.
I hope it works quickly.
You're gonna feel better!
[MOCHA]
Someone help me, please!
[gasps]
[CHOPPER]
That's a good girl!
There, all done!
Hang on, it's gotta kick in.
Uh, hello.
Do you know what I'm doing here?
[CHOPPER] Well, you were
just pounding on this door.
Oh, yeah. That's right.
I was trying to escape, I think.
Hey, you're one of the kids
we got out of here, right?
So what are you doing
back in the lab?
They brought us here.
The Master found us with
your friends and he hurt them
and he put me and
all my other friends
on his Flying Gas Balloon.
Oh, wait.
I remember your friends.
They told us not to
come back with the Master.
Of course they did!
What happened to the other kids?
All the sheep men were taking
them back to the Biscuit Room
so they could eat some candy.
They what? Oh, no!
We can't let them
eat that candy!
Why?
[CHOPPER]
It's bad stuff!
[gasps]
[CHOPPER]
Okay.
I need to get to that
Biscuit Room right away.
Can you take me there?
I can! I even know a shortcut
to get there fast.
C'mon, it's this way, follow me!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Look at this! What the hell
does Vergo think he's doing?
I made it clear those G-5
guys are my test subjects!
That idiot's not
supposed to kill them!
Land of the Dead is!
What a damn waste!
I have no choice.
Close the doors and seal off
the passage ahead of them,
and then open up the other
gates to let the gas in!
Sure, but do you want me to do
that with Vergo still inside?
Just do it! He shouldn't
have gone rogue on me!
It's his own fault!
We're almost at the
Biscuit Room! It's that way!
Let's keep movin'!
[MOCHA]
Mm!
[KONBU]
Aren't we close enough now?
[SYND]
I just want the candy!
Not good! That's the other kids!
[CHILDREN chattering]
[CHOPPER] We can't let them
get past this door! Mocha!
If you wanna save your friends,
you've gotta help me!
I can try!
Hang on! I've got an idea!
[KONBU] Is that you
in there, Mocha? Let us in!
[SYND] Yeah, the candies
are in the Biscuit Room!
[CHOPPER]
Listen to me!
No matter what happens,
we can't let them in here!
[MOCHA]
Right!
[KONBU]
Open the door!
Hey!
Huh?
You said the candy is bad,
but what makes it bad?
It just is.
[LUFFY panting]
You ready?
[LUFFY]
Are you serious?
Gimme a sec! Jeez!
I was running so fast my feet
lit the damn floor on fire!
You think that's easy?
I'm not like you!
I can't just go flying
on a smoke cloud!
[SMOKER]
Are you ready now?
[LUFFY]
I just told you to wait!
I'll tell you when
I'm ready, okay?
[pants] I'm starting
to catch my breath.
Huh? Hey, did you hear me
say I was ready?
Listen up. Vergo's
mine, stay back.
Yeah! I got it!
And you keep away from Caesar.
I'm the only one
taking down that jerk.
Oh. Guess I'm up first.
Fine.
Huh?
You're not gettin'
away now! Caesar!
[CAESAR CLOWN groans]
[NARRATOR] The fateful rematch
against Caesar Clown
is finally underway.
Caesar previously used
his Gas-Gas power
to defeat the Straw Hat crew.
But the stalwart Luffy fights
back with all his might,
which causes this
decisive battle
to grow ever more intense.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Fierce Battle Gets Heated!
Luffy vs. Caesar!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!